I can not get it today
I have to do this today
The only tool to ride this big wave ano
Everybody 's talking group squash 's 2 talking Bumpa year
It has been a topic from the other day or it has become a topic
Youtube support facility for youtube created by google
It was manufactured at a place called space tokyo
It will be the first work
It is this work It is all of acting of people who appeared in the book shooting and editing as well as of course soon
Although I Welcome If you do not look terribly sounds good character
Links Leave stuck on by all means give the description field below Please see
Click here to introduce today
It is a shoe mount attachment for 3 cups wholesaler Yes here is the main subject
Before
Gorillapod eyes
It is a compact tripod and that
We have introduced a mobile phone Io tripod fixed holder
It is this combination
Mobile phones and smartphones are not cameras, so to attach a tripod
There is no screw hole in the box but using this mobile phone 4 tripod fixed folder tripod
It was such a story that you can attach to
So if you install it normally
It's like this, with 8 iphones attached
It looks like this
Usually in mobile games
I think that the kind of style to take the shark
This also is the time to take a slow Kedomo I take photos without problems
I want to turn sideways
If you go normally, you're expanding like this
It is at all width is not enough
90 degrees of orientation
Though I'm useless gone surplus at all it is also now in place
This is the only direction that can be installed
When is the mounting method because that would face up with it as it is
This is the foot as you know is not no gorilla pod that take you bend a limp
Somehow I do it to bend to this it is even jerk
I can use it but still
I have a little balance
Only iphone without grid
I was looking for something that could fit me up
Therefore, this shoe mount attachment
This Schumann and attachment for the other day when I went to a real store of 3 cup wholesalers in Akihabara
It is what I have found I said that I bought a little in the video at that time
This is the thing
This shoe mount attachment is an accessory shoe for single-lens reflex cameras
Much less attached thereto it is to attach the straw bar at the top of the finder
Attachment for attaching an external monitor etc.
It is difficult to look at the part attached to this accessory shoe
I screw holes are open for the bottom part is I I tripod mounting is here of
In other words, this is not only an 8-camera accessory shoe
It's a kind that can be attached to a tripod
And the other has a screw to attach the camera Gorilla pod and mobile
It will be inserted between the tripod fixed holder
Tei was
Then loosen the big screw in the middle part of this attachment and loosen it
It can be tilted 90 degrees
This completes the best position
Even though it just came to be installed normally
Mobile phone tripod fixed folder of 3 cups wholesaler attach mobile phone and smartphone to tripod
It is very convenient for
When combined with a compact tripod like this gorilla pod
I think that it would be had been black devised
The attachment named Schumann introduced this time is for solving such hardships
I think it is a good accessory
Did this video help you?
Then from him
6 minutes
Hmm
me
Yup
par
Ah ah ah
Buch
me